DOC-2059 Update contributing.md (#471)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-os/4.4/contributing.md

*release/os/{major version}.{minor version}*

Note that *release* is always part of the name of the branch, even for unreleased versions of Corda. The default
Github branch is always the current development branch of Corda. Development work should target the default branch
unless the work is needed in a specific version of Corda. In that case, development work should target the oldest version

> of Corda for which the work would be appropriate. For instance, if a pull request would be applicable to Corda 4.7 and
> Corda 4.8, it would be appropriate to open a pull request for *release/os/4.7*. That work would then be merged forward
> from *release/os/4.7* to *release/os/4.8*. If the work is only applicable to Corda 4.7, a pull request need only be
> opened against release/os/4.7.

Author: ```suggestion
of Corda for which the work would be appropriate. For instance, if a pull request would be applicable to Corda 4.3 and
Corda 4.4, it would be appropriate to open a pull request for *release/os/4.3*. That work would then be merged forward
from *release/os/4.3* to *release/os/4.4*. If the work is only applicable to Corda 4.3, a pull request need only be
opened against release/os/4.3.
```

    * If you are contributing for the first time, please read the contribution guidelines above and indicate your agreement.

3. Add a clear **description** of the purpose of the PR.

4. Add the following statement to confirm that your contribution is your own original work: “I hereby certify that my contribution is in
accordance with the Developer Certificate of Origin ([https://developercertificate.org/](https://developercertificate.org/)).”

5. Request a review by reaching out in the `#contributing` channel of the [Corda Slack](http://cordaledger.slack.com/) or contacting one of
the [Community Maintainers](contributing-philosophy.md#community-maintainers) directly. The reviewer will either:
    * Accept and merge your PR
    * Leave comments requesting changes via the GitHub PR interface

6. Make the changes by pushing directly to your existing PR branch. The PR updates automatically.

7. *Optional:* Open an additional PR to add yourself to the [contributors list](https://github.com/corda/corda/blob/release/os/4.4/CONTRIBUTORS.md)>. The format is generally `firstname surname (company)`. You can omit the company name.

## Developer Certificate of Origin

> All contributions to this project are subject to the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin] (https://developercertificate.org/) reproduced below:

Author: ```suggestion
All contributions to this project are subject to the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/) reproduced below:
```
```suggestion
All contributions to this project are subject to the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin] (https://developercertificate.org/) reproduced below:
```
